Rename the Extend section, revamp the sidebar. (#1769)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/extend/index.html.md

---
layout: "extend"
page_title: "Home - Building Terraform Providers"
description: |-

>   Building Terraform Providersis a section for content dedicated to developing

Reviewer: 😎 

```suggestion
  Building Terraform Providers is a section for content dedicated to developing
```

  providers to extend Terraform's core offering.
---

# Building Terraform Providers

> Terraform can be extended to allow users to manage more infrastructure providers with

Reviewer: Since "providers" is immediately afterwards and being lowercased, might make sense to drop the word here or as suggested reword this a little more.

```suggestion
Terraform can be extended to manage infrastructure with
```

- Learn the [design principles](/docs/extend/hashicorp-provider-design-principles.html) HashiCorp developers follow when creating providers.
- Try the [Call APIs with Terraform Providers](https://learn.hashicorp.com/collections/terraform/providers?utm_source=WEBSITE&utm_medium=WEB_IO&utm_offer=ARTICLE_PAGE&utm_content=DOCS) tutorials on HashiCorp Learn.

## Develop and Share Providers
- Learn more about how to use [SDKv2](/docs/extend/hashicorp-provider-design-principles.html) to develop providers. This includes details about how to define attributes and behaviors using [schemas](/docs/extend/schemas/index.html), [develop resources](/docs/extend/resources/index.html), [debug providers](/docs/extend/debugging.html), and [test plugins](/docs/extend/testing/index.html).
- [Publish your provider on the Terraform Registry](/docs/registry/index.html) to make it publicly available.   
- Get HashiCorp to [officially approve and verify](/guides/terraform-provider-development-program.html) your provider. Verified providers get a special badge on the Terraform Registry to distinguish them from community-sourced providers.

## Get Support

> - Ask questions and learn useful patterns in the [Terraform Providers section](https://discuss.hashicorp.com/c/terraform-providers/31) of HashiCorp discuss.

Reviewer 2: Done!
